---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome 2016!"
date:   2016-01-15 10:10:06 -0800
categories: Photography Personal
---

Hi everyone!

It's already 2016 and I decided that this year will not have a "new year's resolution", although I have a few ideas of things I will like to do this year.
   
**Being happy.**

It's weird, isn't it? Not quite actually. 
Last year I realized that was forgetting something really important in my life: Having fun. 
I was so involved in my work for the past few years that I was forgetting the real purpose of my life.
So, this year for every decision I'll make will ask myself: Does this makes me happy? 


**Dedicate a lot more time to learn about Photography.**

Last year I took a few classes to improve my skills and realized that I have a lot more to learn.
In terms of creativity, it was an amazing year, I did a lot of things that I've always wanted to do but never had the time to do it.

This year I wanna start working with film. 
It's really easy being a photographer when you can manipulate the photos after, but create an amazing photo when you press the shutter requires discipline, attention to details and reading a moment. 
I'm pretty sure the first hundreds films are not going to be amazing, but if this year can at least create a few good photos I'll be more than happy.

**Writte more.**

I been living in California for almost one year and I'm still not happy with my English. 
I was never good with grammar, not even in Spanish, so this is a big challenge for me. 
I hope writing this blog helps me to improve my skills.

At the end of the year will see what happens.


_Karín._  
